= Kitbuilder

* http://github.com/kkaempf/kitbuilder

== Introduction

A simpler way to builder -kit for building Java packages

== Generating source packages

The `jarcheck` utility can generate source packages from a
[Tetra](https://github.com/moio/tetra) kit tarball. To use it, proceed as
follows:

1. Change to the future source package's directory.

2. Create a directory to unpack the kit tarball in. This directory must be
   named `<name>-kit`, where `<name>` is the main package's name. Example: if
   your main package is named `foo`, this directory must be named `foo-kit`.

3. Unpack the kit tarball into the directory created in step (2). Example for a
   package named `foo`: `tar -C foo-kit -xJf foo-kit.tar.xz`

4. Run `jarcheck`. It takes two (mandatory) arguments: the package's name and
   the kit package's name. Example for a package named `foo`: `jarcheck foo
   foo-kit`.

5. You should now find all jars required for a source package, along with a
   generated source package spec in the current directory. If `jarcheck` cannot
   find a jar file's source package name or fails to download it, it will
   output an error message about the package and exit non-zero. The spec will
   still be generated, but the `Source` file name for this particular jar file
   will be commented out in the spec.

6. Download all non-retrievable source jars manually and fix the corresponding
   lines in the spec file.

7. Correct the version in the spec file to match your package's version (this
   information is not retrievable from the kit tarball, so you will need to fill
   it in manually).

== Authors

* Klaus Kämpf <kkaempf@suse.de>

== License

Copyright (c) 2016 SUSE LINUX Products GmbH.

Supportconfig is licensed under the MIT license. See MIT-LICENSE for details.
